Network congestion in data networking and queueing theory is the reduced quality of service that occurs when a network node or 
link is carrying more data than it can handle. 
Typical effects include queueing delay, packet loss or the blocking of new connections.
How to fix network congestion?
Monitor the traffic on your network and check for any bottlenecks or heavy usage patterns.
Segment your network into multiple subnets that you can resize according to usage.
Optimize the TCP/IP settings to balance the packet send/request speed.
Congestion control mechanisms are divided into two categories, one category prevents the congestion from happening and 
the other category removes congestion after it has taken place.
These two categories are: 1. Open Loop Congestion Control. 2. Closed Loop Congestion Control.

Network address translation (NAT) is a method of remapping an IP address space into another by modifying network address information 
in the IP header of packets while they are in transit across a traffic routing device.[1] The technique was originally used to avoid 
the need to assign a new address to every host when a network was moved, or when the upstream Internet service provider was replaced, 
but could not route the networks address space. It has become a popular and essential tool in conserving global address space in the 
face of IPv4 address exhaustion. One Internet-routable IP address of a NAT gateway can be used for an entire private network.

IP masquerading is a technique that hides an entire IP address space, usually consisting of private IP addresses, 
behind a single IP address in another, usually public address space. The hidden addresses are changed into a single (public) IP address 
as the source address of the outgoing IP packets so they appear as originating not from the hidden host but from the routing device itself. 
Because of the popularity of this technique to conserve IPv4 address space, the term NAT has become virtually synonymous with IP masquerading.

The Host Identity Protocol (HIP) is a host identification technology for use on Internet Protocol (IP) networks, such as the Internet. 
The Internet has two main name spaces, IP addresses and the Domain Name System. HIP separates the end-point identifier and locator roles of 
IP addresses. It introduces a Host Identity (HI) name space, based on a public key security infrastructure.
The Host Identity Protocol provides secure methods for IP multihoming and mobile computing.

Servers behind the proxy do not know about the client is, they just serve the response based on what proxy send them whereas in reverse proxy, 
client doesn’t know who the servers are and reverse proxy forwards it based on the setup. Load balancing is an example of reverse proxy.
A reverse proxy accepts a request from a client, forwards it to a server that can fulfill it, and returns the server’s response to the client.
A load balancer distributes incoming client requests among a group of servers, in each case returning the response 
from the selected server to the appropriate client.

The Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) is a network management protocol used on Internet Protocol (IP) networks, 
whereby a DHCP server dynamically assigns an IP address and other network configuration parameters to each device on the network, 
so they can communicate with other IP networks.
A DHCP server is used for:
1. Requesting IP addresses and networking parameters automatically from the Internet service provider (ISP)
2. Reducing the need for a network administrator or a user to manually assign IP addresses to all network devices.
